docs: relocating schema for PostGIS (#28108)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/guides/database/extensions/postgis.mdx

</TabPanel>
</Tabs>

## Troubleshooting

> **IMPORTANT**: The Official PostGIS documentation for relocating the schema will cause issues with Supabase projects down the road - [https://postgis.net/documentation/tips/tip-move-postgis-schema/](https://postgis.net/documentation/tips/tip-move-postgis-schema/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

<Admonition type="caution">

The [official PostGIS documentation](https://postgis.net/documentation/tips/tip-move-postgis-schema/) for relocating the schema will cause issues for Supabase projects. These issues might not be apparent immediately but will eventually surface. To relocate your schema, use the following steps instead.

</Admonition>
```
